Ye Qi Luo
Ms. Ye, what are you doing?
Do you know he’s a married man?
Whether I forgot or not, I’m not sure
But you definitely forgot
What do you mean?
Ms. Su should mind business matters,
not personal affairs
Whatever relationship I have with Mr. Duan
What right does a colleague like you
have to interfere?
Or is it...
You two
have a closer relationship?
Fine
You want to talk business, huh?
Then let me ask you
why did you agree to be on the show
and then back out?
Then you shouldn’t be asking me
You should ask your colleague
why she dirtied my clothes
And ask Mr. Duan
why he's lying here
and won’t wake up
Fine
but that still doesn’t justify
you standing us up
Do you know that because you didn’t show up
the show had no content?
All the hard work of our staff went to waste
So what?
You
Five million
Will be transferred today
The promo for Ye Qi Luo has already aired
Either find her for the next episode
Or both you and Duan Xiao Jian
get the hell out of here
No way
I can’t let this affect
my position at the station
Ms. Ye
If you're willing,
would you
participate in our next episode?
Since we’ve already finished the promotion
Everyone in Jiang city
is waiting for your interview
Then I’ll consider it
Make way, please. Thank you
Duan Xiao Jian